update: Wasm web APIs library (#4565)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/wasm/wasm-js-interop.md

JavaScript values are represented in Kotlin using the `JsAny` type and its subtypes.

The Kotlin/Wasm standard library provides representation for some of these types:
* Package `kotlin.js`:
    * `JsAny`
    * `JsBoolean`, `JsNumber`, `JsString`
    * `JsArray`
    * `Promise`

The [`kotlinx-browser` library](https://github.com/kotlin/kotlinx-browser), a stand-alone
library including web-related APIs, also provides

> representation for some of the `JsAny` type and its subtypes:

Reviewer: Maybe better to say:
`
... a stand-alone library which provides JavaScript browser APIs:
`

Reviewer: or
`... a stand-alone library which provides web-related browser APIs:`

Reviewer: I do not think than we need `also offers
representation for some of the `JsAny` type and its subtypes:`

> ```
>
{style="note"}

## Web-related browser APIs

> The [`kotlinx-browser` library](https://github.com/kotlin/kotlinx-browser) is a stand-alone
> library that provides JavaScript browser APIs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [`kotlinx-browser` library](https://github.com/kotlin/kotlinx-browser) is a standalone
library that provides JavaScript browser APIs, including:
```
Although stand-alone is also correct, we typically use standalone :)

> * Package `org.khronos.webgl`:

Reviewer 2: Can you add periods to the bullets? Since a couple of them have commas and this is in our doc guidelines :)
